[New Check]: Add check electricalseries of dtype int16 (#408)
NeurodataWithoutBorders/nwbinspector: CHANGELOG.md

# Upcoming

### New Checks

> * Add `check_electrical_series_dtype` [#395](https://github.com/NeurodataWithoutBorders/nwbinspector/issues/395)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `check_electrical_series_conversion_factors` for ensuring non-default conversion/offset factors of any `ElectricalSeries` that has an integer data type. [#395](https://github.com/NeurodataWithoutBorders/nwbinspector/issues/395)
```
